Add new buildpack supporting chrome for tests in console (#277)
kyma-project/test-infra: prow/images/buildpack-node-chromium/README.md

> # Buildpack Node.js + Chromium Docker Image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Node.js buildpack with Chromium Docker image
```

I found in the docs that it is Node.js buildpack rather than Buildpack Node.jsm that's why the change :) For example here: https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/buildpacks/node/index.html

## Overview

> This folder contains the Buildpack with Chromium installed that is based on the [buildpack-node](../buildpack-node) image. Use it to run tests requiring Chromium.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains the Node.js buildpack with Chromium installed. It is based on the [buildpack-node](../buildpack-node) image, and you can use it to run tests requiring Chromium.
```
